Add codegeneration for stack.FunctionID (#1114)
ydb-platform/ydb-go-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added query pool metrics
* Fixed logic of query session pool
* Changed initialization of internal driver clients to lazy
* Disabled the logic of background grpc-connection parking

> * Added codegarator for filling FunctionID with value from call stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added internal gstack codegen for filling `stack.FunctionID` with value from call stack
```
